we have here and it is that the bun
has spoken out
[Music]
things on the front
in another order of things we would have to
comment
that the daughter of Anna Maria, Don
Gemalto, is having the following
disrespectful actions
towards her in-laws, that is to say we are
talking about these messages there are several,
okay, there are several messages
if you have more then you can send them to me
in the comments box or wherever
you want no but here we have one of the ones that
I consider the strongest no [ __ ]
for you and for the blue tide the one that beats
their mothers to death
laughter laughter laughter pink hearts
are always pink and well she has started
lately to put up publications
supporting Rocío Carrasco okay in the
end you can support whoever you want
and believe whoever you want
but man Rocío Carrasco is
letting it drop
with the TV factory that dog doesn't
eat dog that Ose Ortega Cano did
n't give his mother a very good life that she did
n't behave very well although she wasn't happy
with him or something like that I don't remember
exactly what the words were
but  TV factories if you call
José Ortega Cano abused, okay
José Ortega Cano, her brother's father
and her mother's husband,
then things are getting
a little complicated in the family here. I
think that
soon, in the
not-too-distant future,
we're going to have this girl on
Sálvame 60
because I think that's what she's
looking for.
[Music]